back in 2011 a florida Highway Patrol
trooper by the Madonna Jane walks
%uh stop AP speeding driver who was
going 120 miles per hour
well she was really surprised to find
that that person in the vehicle was so
many move
boss told Lopez buffalo has actually a
police officer with
the Miami Police Department so she
arrested him and the video footage
was awesome take a look think draw line
and commands
firing thought at the HP trooper pulls
over a Miami police officer
them 1st SEM Cox a.m.
and courts him to her cruiser tho and
during all of this
the Miami officers sounds just as
shocked as she
is mad home I growing I cannot believe
this I cannot believe me and/or
it began unbelievably just minutes
before with his police cruiser seen here
passing by the trooper like she's
standing still
fire play she chases him lights flashing
engines creamy on as she describes him
we need
in and out of lanes speeding up and
slowing down at speeds topping up 120
miles an hour
until both finally come to attend stop 4
minutes 57 seconds later
them but I would not mess with her
okay he's not playing man yeah not so
foster
hope how to end on a bad looking guy
anywhere you look up okay so Louis
at first she doesn't know if it's a
copper not shadows acknowledging the
whole the cop car right right so so she
pulled them over Shishir I
you know takes is bad not take batch
that leapt to his
I him losing his job right so as you
guys know usually cops look out for one
another
but in this case that did not happen it
made national headlines he lost his job
and other members of law enforcement
there were really upset about it so
the harassment begins and people start
harassing
the the for the trooper random telephone
calls on your cell phone
some were threatened summer prank calls
including orders for pizza unfamiliar
bill unfamiliar vehicles and police cars
at idling
in her call the sock she was afraid to
open her mailbox a number of certain
things were happening to her so she was
really worried about it
and make you realize hey you know what I
get the sense
that cops are checking in on my driver's
license information you know they can
pull up that information because they're
cops that's why they know where she
lives
for my local art house will feel that
way I gather you're paranoid rather
people are going to check in on you and
then nope it all works in mysterious
cars in my call the sack
in this case not so much yeah
so she I decided to take a look and she
realize that in a three-month period
88 law enforcement officers from 25
different agencies accessed
%uh her driver's license information
more than two hundred times
turns out she was totally right she was
right to be paranoid
it seems like half the cops in South
Florida we're checking out
where she lives and obviously some of
them were totally harassing
now in 1994 there was a law passed a
federal law passed it's known as the
federal driver Privacy Protection Act
and it prevents up call for anyone
looking up your private information
when there's absolutely no need to do so
in this case there is no need to do so
other than to try to harass or right
are if you are caught breaking this log
you can be fined
twenty-five hundred dollars now she is
suing
using that law as a reason to sue and if
she wins she can receive up to five
hundred thousand dollars
totally you agree with her okay now this
people now of course the
the defending his lawyers defending the
other side
the same the government and say hey wait
a minute this is like if you look up
a summary driver license for profit it's
a
Naruto it but it doesn't say that on the
law doesn't say only for profit like for
example if you look at the driver's
license to harass them at their house
yeah that's exactly without law should
cover so she deserves a pilot to those
laws
look if you have a TA cops looking to
harass you ever threaten you
know if a man that would be a good
reason to sue the government even if
you're a cop
hell yeah now the Department of Justice
is actually chimed in on this and they
said no no no no that defense is
ridiculous
on this law would protect her so she is
going to
go ahead and file suit and I'm I'm glad
she's doing it i mean it's absolutely
ridiculous that they
use those resources just to go after it
harasser and by the way
nor should be driving a 120 miles per
hour on the highway that so unbelievably
unsafe
and I love that she actually did her job
she didn't look out for him because he's
a cop
and she did what she needed to do a
better way to say that it was speeding
because he was running late for his
off-duty job
get the world worst excuse I would never
look back ha point today
if there were just a regular person
going 120 miles per hour and use that as
an excuse would not be acceptable
now look I'll organizations courageous
NB
I she doesn't love those bullshit ruled
the cops are allowed the break
every law there is you're not allowed to
break it she actually Bassem on its
great
and by the way so what's happened to her
I she's been
reassigned to road patrol in Broward
County is that a dade county
she's been relocated and is no longer
driving a cruiser
so she's the worst the Highway Patrol
and they say she's fine overall
but they did take a job she was
obviously doing well
the way for power yeah and so does she
deserve the money for all the harassment
absolutely so you go you're 90 the rest
like observer
Foster and furious over this but they're
wrong
issues right